feat(cba): add MSV extraction for seasonal storage dispatch (#441)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

* Set short-term storage to cyclic in CBA dispatch (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/385).

> * Add Marginal Storage Value (MSV) extraction for CBA seasonal storage dispatch. MSV addresses rolling horizon myopia by extracting shadow prices from perfect foresight optimization and applying them as marginal costs to seasonal stores (H2, gas, CO2 sequestered), guiding dispatch to account for future storage value (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/441).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implements rolling horizon optimisation with marginal storage values (water values) for seasonal storage components, maintaining operation of long-term stores close to perfect foresight optimization (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/441).
```
